added mpxv workflows page (#1422)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/projects/mpxv/index.md

| Link | Workflow |  Inputs | Outputs | Aligner | Caller | 
|---|--------|-------|--------|--------------|-----------------|
| [WorkFlowHub](https://workflowhub.eu/workflows/353)      |**Illumina metatranscriptomic PE**:<br> Variant analysis from metatranscriptomic data.<br><span class="badge badge-success">ILL-PE</span>                               | 1. Paired reads [`fastqsanger`]<br>2. MPXV reference   [[`genbank`](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/nuccore/MT903340)] | Variants [`vcf`] | `BWA MEM` | `lofreq` |
| [WorkFlowHub](https://workflowhub.eu/workflows/354)           |**Report generation**:<br> Generation of final variant analysis reports/plots.<br><span class="badge badge-info">REPORTING</span>                                                 | Variants [`vcf`] | Reports [`tsv`] | - | - | 
 
 `vcf` = variant call format, `tsv` = TAB-separated values, `fastqsanger` = fastq format with Sanger encoding of base quality values.

Workflows are designed to be used one after another:

1. Run the <span class="badge badge-success">ILL-PE</span> to generate lists of variants.

> 2. Run the <span class="badge badge-info">REPORTING</span> workflows on varinats generated above to produce variant tables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the <span class="badge badge-info">REPORTING</span> workflow on variants generated above to produce variant tables. 
```

> The following <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/variant-analysis/tutorials/sars-cov-2-variant-discovery/tutorial.html#from-fastq-to-annotated-allelic-variants">tutorial</a> explains how to import workflows into your Galaxy instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following [tutorial](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/variant-analysis/tutorials/sars-cov-2-variant-discovery/tutorial.html#from-fastq-to-annotated-allelic-variants) explains how to import workflows into your Galaxy instance.
```
